Applied Computer Science
2. Technische Hochschule Deggendorf — Applied Computer Science
3. Hochschule Schmalkalden — Applied Computer Science
4. University of Göttingen — Applied Data Science
5. Mittweida University of Applied Sciences — Applied Mathematics for Network and Data Sciences
6. University of Passau — Artificial Intelligence Engineering
13. Gisma University of Applied Sciences — Computer Science
14. Technical University of Darmstadt — Computer Science
17. University of Potsdam — Computer Science at the Hasso Plattner Institute
20. Heidelberg University — Data and Computer Science
21. Constructor University — Data Engineering
22. Bielefeld University — Data Science
23. TU Dortmund University — Data Science
24. Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts (HSBI) — Data Science (Research Master)
25. Saarland University — Data Science and Artificial Intelligence
26. TU Dortmund University — Data Science in Sports and Health
27. University of Europe for Applied Sciences — DevOps
33. Fulda University of Applied Sciences — Global Software Development
34. Media Design University for Design and Computer Science — Information Technology – Data Science (MSc)
36. Leuphana University Lüneburg — Management & Data Science
39. University of Bayreuth — Scientific Computing
40. University of Hildesheim — Software Engineering (International Master’s degree)

Computer Science 

1. Frankfurt University — AI and Digital Technology in Learning and Instruction
2. Hochschule Schmalkalden — Applied Computer Science
3. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Applied Data Science & Artificial Intelligence
4. Technical University of Applied Sciences Würzburg-Schweinfurt — Artificial Intelligence
5. University of Bonn — Artificial Intelligence
6. University of Technology Nuremberg — Artificial Intelligence & Robotics
7. Technische Hochschule Deggendorf — Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
8. Furtwangen University - computer science, technology, economics, media, health — Artificial Intelligence and Data Science for Digital Business Management
9. University of Bremen — Artificial Intelligence and Intelligent Systems
10. Hof University of Applied Sciences — Artificial Intelligence and Robotics
11. Technische Hochschule Köln — Automation and IT
12. Bonn-Rhine-Sieg University of Applied Sciences — Autonomous Systems
13. University of Potsdam — Bioinformatics
14. University of Marburg — Business Informatics
15. University of Applied Sciences Emden/Leer — Business Informatics
16. Gisma University of Applied Sciences — Business Management & Cybersecurity
17. University of Marburg — Business Mathematics
18. Ruhr University Bochum — Cognitive Science
19. Technical University of Darmstadt — Cognitive Science
20. University of Ulm — Cognitive Systems
21. Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) — Computational and Data Science
22. University of Göttingen — Computational Biology and Bioinformatics
23. Ruhr University Bochum — Computational Engineering
24. University of Stuttgart — Computational Linguistics
25. Technische Universität Dresden — Computational Modelling and Simulation
26. Eberhard Karls University Tübingen — Computational Neuroscience
27. Munich University of Technology — Computational Science and Engineering (CSE)
28. University of Konstanz — Computer and Information Science
29. University of Stuttgart — Computer Science
30. University of Siegen — Computer Science
31. University of Freiburg — Computer Science
32. Rhineland-Palatinate Technical University of Kaiserslautern-Landau — Computer Science
33. Berlin University of Technology — Computer Science
34. University of Bonn — Computer Science
35. Gisma University of Applied Sciences — Computer Science
36. Technical University of Darmstadt — Computer Science
37. University of Applied Sciences Fresenius — Computer Science
38. Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) — Computer Science
39. Paderborn University — Computer Science
40. University of Marburg — Computer Science
41. Saarland University — Computer science
42. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Computer Science - Big Data and Artificial Intelligence
43. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Computer Science - Cyber Security
44. Constructor University — Computer Science and Software Engineering
45. University of Potsdam — Computer Science at the Hasso Plattner Institute
46. Bauhaus-Universität Weimar — Computer Science for Digital Media
47. University of Konstanz — Computer Science for Industry and Business (COSIB)
48. University of Rostock — Computer Science International
49. Brandenburgische Technische Universität Cottbus-Senftenberg — Cyber Security
50. Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft für angewandte Wissenschaften - HDBW — Cyber Security

1. Saarland University — Cybersecurity
2. University of Magdeburg — Data and Knowledge Engineering
3. Munich University of Technology — Data Engineering and Analytics
4. University of Marburg — Data Science
5. Berlin University of Applied Sciences — Data Science
6. RWTH Aachen University — Data Science
7. Technische Universität Ilmenau — Data Science
8. Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts (HSBI) — Data Science (Research Master)
9. Saarland University — Data Science and Artificial Intelligence
10. Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences — Design and Interaction
11. Technische Hochschule Köln — Digital Sciences
12. Saarland University — Educational Technology
13. West Saxon University of Applied Sciences of Zwickau — Embedded and Autonomous Systems
14. Saarland University — Embedded Systems
15. University of Freiburg — Embedded Systems Engineering
16. University of Applied Sciences Bremen — Engineering and Management of Space Systems
17. University of Siegen — Engineering of Hydro-environmental Extremes
18. University of Oldenburg — Engineering of Socio-Technical Systems
19. University of Applied Sciences Offenburg — Enterprise and IT Security
20. Rhineland-Palatinate Technical University of Kaiserslautern-Landau — European Master's degree in Embedded Computing Systems (EMECS)
21. Fulda University of Applied Sciences — Global Software Development
22. University of Technology Nuremberg — Human & Artificial Intelligence
23. Sports University of Cologne — Human Technology in Sports and Medicine
24. South Westphalia University of Applied Sciences — Informatics and Business
25. Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences — Information Engineering and Computer Science
26. Munich University of Technology — Information Engineering at Heilbronn Campus
27. FH Aachen - University of Applied Sciences — Information Systems
28. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Information Technology and Business Transformation
29. Media Design University for Design and Computer Science — Information Technology – Data Science (MSc)
30. University of Hamburg — Intelligent Adaptive Systems
31. Augsburg University of Applied Sciences — International Master of Research and Innovation
32. Bamberg University — International Software Systems Science
33. West Saxon University of Applied Sciences of Zwickau — Internet of Things and Smart Systems
34. Lübeck University — IT Security
35. Technical University of Darmstadt — IT Security
36. Saarland University — Language and Communication Technologies M.Sc./M.A.
37. Saarland University — Language, Science and Technology
38. West Saxon University of Applied Sciences of Zwickau — Management and Information Technology
39. University of Mannheim — Mannheim Master in Data Science (MMDS)
40. University of Hamburg — Marine Ecosystem and Fisheries Science
41. University of Passau — Mathematics
42. Saarland University — Mathematics and Computer Science
43. University of Augsburg — Mathematics and Computer Science
44. German International University — Media Engineering and Technology
45. Munich University of Technology — Microelectronics and Chip Design
46. University of Bayreuth — Philosophy & Computer Science
47. Berlin School of Applied Sciences (HTW) — Professional IT Business and Digitalisation
48. Saarland University — Quanteninformationstheorie
49. University of Siegen — Quantum Science
50. Lübeck University — Robotics and Autonomous Systems

1. University of Würzburg — Satellite Technology
2. RWTH Aachen University — Simulation Sciences
3. University of Konstanz — Social and Economic Data Science
4. Rhineland-Palatinate Technical University of Kaiserslautern-Landau — Social Informatics
5. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — Sociotechnical Cybersecurity
6. University of Hildesheim — Software Engineering (International Master’s degree)
7. Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences — Usability Engineering
8. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — User Experience Design
9. Saarland University — Visual Computing
10. University of Magdeburg — Visual Computing
11. University of Koblenz — Web and Data Science
12. Chemnitz University of Technology — Web Engineering

Software Engineering

1. Brandenburgische Technische Universität Cottbus-Senftenberg — Artificial Intelligence
2. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — Artificial Intelligence
3. Chemnitz University of Technology — Automotive Software Engineering
4. University of Magdeburg — Computational Methods in Engineering
5. University of Marburg — Computer Science
6. Constructor University — Computer Science and Software Engineering
7. University of Potsdam — Computer Science at the Hasso Plattner Institute
8. Munich University of Technology — Computer Science: Games Engineering
9. Saarland University — Cybersecurity
10. University of Hildesheim — Data Analytics (International Master’s degree)
11. Technical University Braunschweig — Data Science
12. University of Europe for Applied Sciences — DevOps
13. IU International University — DevOps and Cloud Computing
14. Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts — Digital Transformation
15. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — Entrepreneurship and Corporate Venturing
16. Fulda University of Applied Sciences — Global Software Development
17. Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences — High Integrity Systems
18. Fresenius Heidelberg University state-approved university of Hochschule Fresenius für Internationales Management GmbH — SAP Engineering & Analytics
19. Heilbronn University — Software Engineering
20. University of Hildesheim — Software Engineering (International Master’s degree)
21. RWTH Aachen University — Software Systems Engineering
22. Stuttgart University of Applied Sciences — Software Technology
23. Chemnitz University of Technology — Web Engineering

Computer Engineering

1. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — Artificial Intelligence
2. University of Passau — Artificial Intelligence Engineering
3. Ruhr University Bochum — Computational Engineering
4. University of Rostock — Computational Engineering
5. Hochschule Nordhausen — Computer Engineering for IOT SYSTEMS
6. Bauhaus-Universität Weimar — Computer Science for Digital Media
7. Technical University of Applied Sciences of Central Hesse - THM — Control, Computer and Communications Engineering
8. Brandenburgische Technische Universität Cottbus-Senftenberg — Cyber Security
9. IU International University — Data Science
10. Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts — Embedded Systems Engineering
11. Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences — High Integrity Systems
12. Technische Hochschule Deggendorf — High performance computing / quantum computing
13. University of Applied Sciences Emden/Leer — Industrial Informatics
14. Hamburg University of Applied Sciences — Information and Communications Engineering
15. Hof University of Applied Sciences — Software Engineering for Industrial Applications
16. Stuttgart University of Applied Sciences — Software Technology


Data Science
1. Heilbronn University — Applied Artificial Intelligence
2. University of Göttingen — Applied Data Science
3. Brandenburgische Technische Universität Cottbus-Senftenberg — Artificial Intelligence
4. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — Artificial Intelligence
5. University of Bonn — Artificial Intelligence
6. University of Technology Nuremberg — Artificial Intelligence & Robotics
7. University of Düsseldorf — Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
8. Technische Hochschule Deggendorf — Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
9. Hof University of Applied Sciences — Artificial Intelligence and Robotics
10. University of Passau — Artificial Intelligence Engineering
11. University of Applied Sciences Emden/Leer — Business Intelligence and Data Analytics
12. Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) — Computational and Data Science
13. IU International University — Computer Science
14. Technical University of Darmstadt — Computer Science
15. Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) — Computer Science
16. Ruhr University Bochum — Computer Science
17. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Computer Science - Big Data and Artificial Intelligence
18. University of Konstanz — Computer Science for Industry and Business (COSIB)
19. RWTH Aachen University — Data Analytics and Decision Science
20. Technical University of Darmstadt — Data and Discourse Studies
21. Munich University of Technology — Data Engineering and Analytics
22. University of Marburg — Data Science
23. Berlin University of Applied Sciences — Data Science
24. Bielefeld University — Data Science
25. Free University Berlin — Data Science
26. IU International University — Data Science
27. University of Erlangen-Nuremberg — Data Science
28. Technical University Braunschweig — Data Science
29. University of Europe for Applied Sciences — Data Science
30. Fulda University of Applied Sciences — Data Science
31. University of Greifswald — Data Science
32. TU Dortmund University — Data Science
33. Technische Universität Ilmenau — Data Science
34. Catholic University in Eichstätt - Ingolstadt — Data Science
35. University of Augsburg — Data Science
36. University of Regensburg — Data Science
37. XU Exponential University of Applied Sciences — Data Science
38. University of Münster — Data Science
39. Bielefeld University of Applied Sciences and Arts (HSBI) — Data Science (Research Master)
40. University of Oldenburg — Data Science and Machine Learning
41. Gisma University of Applied Sciences — Data Science, AI and Digital Business
42. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Data Science: Business Analytics
43. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Digital Health - Data Analytics
44. University of Applied Sciences Neu-Ulm — Digital Innovation Management
45. Technische Hochschule Köln — Digital Sciences
46. TU Dortmund University — Econometrics
47. Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt — Entrepreneurship and Corporate Venturing
48. University of Applied Sciences for Medium-Sized Companies (FHM) — General Technology Management
49. Media Design University for Design and Computer Science — Information Technology – Data Science (MSc)
50. University of Europe for Applied Sciences — IoT Devices & Smart Services

1. Eberhard Karls University Tübingen — Machine Learning
2. University of Mannheim — Mannheim Master in Data Science (MMDS)
3. University of Mannheim — Master in Management Analytics (Full-Time)
4. Hertie School — Master of Data Science for Public Policy
5. ESMT European School of Management and Technology — Master's in Analytics and Artificial Intelligence
6. Brandenburgische Technische Universität Cottbus-Senftenberg — Mathematical Data Science
7. University of Augsburg — Mathematics and Computer Science
8. Munich University of Technology — Mathematics in Data Science
9. Heidelberg University — Mathematics of Machine Learning and Data Science
10. Berlin School of Applied Sciences (HTW) — Professional IT Business and Digitalisation
11. Berlin School of Applied Sciences (HTW) — Project Management and Data Science
12. University of Bayreuth — Scientific Computing
13. Heilbronn University — Software Engineering
14. Technische Universität Dresden — Transportation Economics and Data Science

Information Systems and Management

1. International School of Management — Applied Business Data Science
2. Hof University of Applied Sciences — Applied Research in Computer Science
3. Technical University of Applied Sciences Würzburg-Schweinfurt — Artificial Intelligence
4. University of Applied Sciences Neu-Ulm — Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics
5. University of Mannheim — Business computing
6. Furtwangen University - computer science, technology, economics, media, health — Business Consulting
7. University of Marburg — Business Informatics
8. University of Passau — Business Informatics (Information Systems)
9. Berlin School of Economics and Law — Business Intelligence and Process Management
10. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Computer Science - Cyber Security
11. Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft für angewandte Wissenschaften - HDBW — Cyber Security
12. University of Trier — Data Science
13. Gisma University of Applied Sciences — Data Science, AI and Digital Business
14. Hochschule der Bayerischen Wirtschaft für angewandte Wissenschaften - HDBW — Digital Business Modelling and Entrepreneurship
15. European University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder) — Digital Entrepreneurship
16. XU Exponential University of Applied Sciences — Digital Transformation & Sustainability
17. University of Koblenz — E-Government
18. University of Applied Sciences Offenburg — Enterprise and IT Security
19. University of Siegen — Human-Computer Interaction
20. South Westphalia University of Applied Sciences — Informatics and Business
21. University of Münster — Information Systems
22. Munich University of Technology — Information Systems (Business Informatics)
23. SRH University of Applied Sciences Heidelberg — Information Technology and Business Transformation
24. University of Erlangen-Nuremberg — International Information Systems
25. South Westphalia University of Applied Sciences — International Management & Information Systems
26. Augsburg University of Applied Sciences — International Master of Research and Innovation
27. Leuphana University Lüneburg — Management & Data Science
28. Ludwig Maximilians University Munich — Management and Digital Technologies
29. West Saxon University of Applied Sciences of Zwickau — Management and Information Technology
30. University of Bremen — Management Information Systems
31. University of Magdeburg — Operations Research and Business Analytics
32. Heilbronn University — Software Engineering

Theoretical Computer Science

1. Technical University of Darmstadt — Computer Science
2. University of Regensburg — Computer Science
3. University of Wuppertal — Computer Simulation in Science
4. Leuphana University Lüneburg — Management & Data Science
5. University of Jena — Mathematics
6. Saarland University — Mathematics and Computer Science